my son if you receive my words and
my son if you receive my words and treasure my commands within you so that
treasure my commands within you so that
treasure my commands within you so that you incline your ear to wisdom and apply
you incline your ear to wisdom and apply
you incline your ear to wisdom and apply your heart to understanding yes if you
your heart to understanding yes if you
your heart to understanding yes if you cry out for discernment and lift up your
cry out for discernment and lift up your
cry out for discernment and lift up your voice for understanding if you seek her
voice for understanding if you seek her
voice for understanding if you seek her as silver and search for her as for
as silver and search for her as for
as silver and search for her as for hidden treasures then you will
hidden treasures then you will
hidden treasures then you will understand the fear of the Lord and find
understand the fear of the Lord and find
understand the fear of the Lord and find the knowledge of God for the Lord gives
the knowledge of God for the Lord gives
the knowledge of God for the Lord gives wisdom from his mouth come knowledge and
wisdom from his mouth come knowledge and
wisdom from his mouth come knowledge and understanding he stores up sound wisdom
understanding he stores up sound wisdom
understanding he stores up sound wisdom for the upright he is a shield to those
for the upright he is a shield to those
for the upright he is a shield to those who walk uprightly he guards the paths
who walk uprightly he guards the paths
who walk uprightly he guards the paths of justice and preserves the way of his
of justice and preserves the way of his
of justice and preserves the way of his Saints then you will understand
Saints then you will understand
Saints then you will understand righteousness and justice equity and
righteousness and justice equity and
righteousness and justice equity and every good part when wisdom enters your
every good part when wisdom enters your
every good part when wisdom enters your heart and knowledge is pleasant to your
heart and knowledge is pleasant to your
heart and knowledge is pleasant to your soul discretion will preserve you
soul discretion will preserve you
soul discretion will preserve you understanding
understanding
understanding keep you to deliver you from the way of
keep you to deliver you from the way of
keep you to deliver you from the way of evil from the man who speaks perverse
evil from the man who speaks perverse
evil from the man who speaks perverse things from those who leave the paths of
things from those who leave the paths of
things from those who leave the paths of uprightness to walk in the ways of
uprightness to walk in the ways of
uprightness to walk in the ways of darkness who rejoice in doing evil and
darkness who rejoice in doing evil and
darkness who rejoice in doing evil and delight in the perversity of the wicked
delight in the perversity of the wicked
delight in the perversity of the wicked whose ways are crooked and who are
whose ways are crooked and who are
whose ways are crooked and who are devious in their paths to deliver you
devious in their paths to deliver you
devious in their paths to deliver you from the immoral woman from the
from the immoral woman from the
from the immoral woman from the seductress who flatters with a words who
seductress who flatters with a words who
seductress who flatters with a words who forsakes the companion of her youth and
forsakes the companion of her youth and
forsakes the companion of her youth and forgets the Covenant of her God for her
forgets the Covenant of her God for her
forgets the Covenant of her God for her house leads down to death and her paths
house leads down to death and her paths
house leads down to death and her paths to the dead nun who go to her return nor
to the dead nun who go to her return nor
to the dead nun who go to her return nor do they regain the paths of life so you
do they regain the paths of life so you
do they regain the paths of life so you may walk in the way of goodness and keep
may walk in the way of goodness and keep
may walk in the way of goodness and keep to the paths of righteousness for the
to the paths of righteousness for the
to the paths of righteousness for the upright will dwell in the land and the
upright will dwell in the land and the
upright will dwell in the land and the blameless will remain in it but the
blameless will remain in it but the
blameless will remain in it but the wicked will be cut off from the earth
wicked will be cut off from the earth
wicked will be cut off from the earth and the unfaithful will be uprooted from